This is my go to recipe for making biltong.  I usually prepare a large batch of this spice combination and store it in a sealed container making it easy to prepare a quick batch.  As these spices are all dry, it will keep for many months.  The spice ratios are important, but you can multiply consistently to make a larger batch.

2 cups corriander seeds
1 cup soarse sea salt
1/2 cup brown sugar - i use cane sugar and the stickier the better
1/4 cup ground black pepper
1 tbl spoon Baking Soda (Sodium Bicarbonate)

Spice preparation:
The only preparation required for this basic recipe is to VERY lightly crush the corriander seeds to release the flavour.  
Put about 1 cup of the corriander seeds into the food processor with a blade attachment.  
Pulse for 1 second then stop, repeating 3 or 4 times.  (You are looking to just crack open the seeds, and definitely NOT produce a powder.)
Mix all the dry ingredients together and store in a sealed plastic container.  
Shake the container well to thoroughly mix the spices.

Meat selection & preparation:
You can make biltong from a variety of meats but i find beef to be easiest to get and most reasonably priced.  I have use many different cuts of beef from fillet to brisket and it is generally all good.  My personal preference is to use the cheapest beef roast that I can find.  Usually a bottom round also known as silverside or rump roast.  It usually has a think layer of fat on one side which can be removed but adds to the flavour so I leave it on.  I cut the meat into about 1 inch thick slices cutting with the grain.
Place the sliced meat into a large plastic container and sprinkle generously with malt vinegar and leave for no more than 30 minutes.

Spicing the meat:
Drain off the vinegar and remove as much as you can from each slice by squeezing.
1 slice at a time, cover one side with the spice mix, flip it over and cover the other side.  You can layer the slices one on top of the other in your container.
Once you have spread spices over both sides of all the slices, cover and leave for 12 hours.  WARNING - Leaving the meat covered in the spices for much longer than 12 hours will make the biltong very salty and unpalatable!

Rinse and hang:
After 12 hours, thoroughly rinse the spices off every slice using malt vinegar.  Again, failing to rinse thoroughly could lead to the spice flavours being overpowering once the biltong has dried.
Hang each slice of meat (using hooks or wire) in your drying box making sure that none of the slices is on contact with any other to ensure the best drying.

The drying time will vary depending on your box design, temperature and relative humidity.  I fin anything from 3 to 5 days is good.
